So we're gonna look at two
more little things one, and
this is kind of just a fun kind of piece,
which is this tool called Cypress studio.
And it's an experimental feature,
It's any kind of other cogeneration
thing where it's useful to an extent.
I don't know how to rely on it fully, but
I think especially if you have a QA team
you're trying to go for,
we have no test coverage.
Because whatever something something
WebDriver thing was abandoned for
a really long time and we just need
to get some test coverage real fast.
I think cyber studio is really good for
this, so this is my my test file so
and when I'm clear what
this code does nothing does
nothing right, so
let's fire this test suite.
And that one second and we will go into
of these cypress studio specs.
Again, not that interesting now,
if we go into my configuration real quick,
You can see I have experimental
studio turned on cool,
so I'll go back in to here.
And you can see very
subtly when I hover over
the kind of ID statement, this magic wand.
I mean, who doesn't like a magic wand and
their UI, all right and
so check it out I'm gonna
hit that magic wand, right?
I'm gonna turn this thing up to five and
say I only want things from KFC and
then I'm gonna right click here
I'm gonna add an assertion.
They expect this to have
the text KFC cool and
then I don't really know
what else to do here.
I can click on that and expect the URL to
change I can do some other stuff as well,
but I think that I made my
point I'm going to hit save.
It's going to run my test.
I like that it had
the same jQuery problem,
that I had earlier where did the text.
That's clearly like I'm thinking
if I messed up with my test and
it messed up, it's my markup.
But slightly to climatic, but
consider we saw human make the same
mistake earlier,
we'll take it we'll go back to that file.
And you can see that it generated some of
the driving and the assertions, right?
And again did it make a mistake sure,
did you make the same mistake
that I made also sure.
[LAUGH] So yeah, it'll actually
let you kinda click through and
drive through your application, and
start generating a series of tests for
you, right?
I said even with this example
I as the best selector,
do I maybe need to tweak it a little bi,
did it get me like 80% of the way there?
Yeah, it did like this it's
also kind of interesting where
goes through selects KFC I'm not clear
that like it got the range selector right.
So it's not a perfect tool
hence the word experimental but
I think also somewhat interesting.
Especially hey,
click through this app pieces right and
do this set of things I think
it'd be interesting to go
back to one of the earlier ones as well.
For instance, let's fire this one up and
add a new test, we'll type in
stuff add the item go ahead and
move it over expect
that one to be visible.
Yeah see some of the classes are going
to need a little bit of work stuff along
those lines, but
you can give it a test name.
And it will go through,
we go back in here that it does okay,
I'll go in there, it'll clear it.
We'll type stuff,
we'll click on that button,
some of these things right that's a very
specific ID that you might need to adjust.
But it gets you part of the way there,
which I think is really
really interesting as well